<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE article PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DocBook XML V4.1.2//EN" "http://www.oasis-open.org/docbook/xml/4.1.2/docbookx.dtd" [
<!ENTITY VERSION "1.10.1">
<!ENTITY legal SYSTEM "legal.xml">
<!ENTITY app "<application>MATE Control Center</application>">
<!ENTITY appname "MATE Control Center">
<!-- Information about the entities
       The legal.xml file contains legal information, there is no need to edit the file.
       Use the appversion entity to specify the version of the application.
       Use the manrevision entity to specify the revision number of this manual.
       Use the date entity to specify the release date of this manual.
       Use the app entity to specify the name of the application. -->]>
<article id="index" lang="pl">
  
  <articleinfo>
    <abstract role="description">
      <para>Centrum Sterowania MATE udostępnia centralne miejsce gdzie użytkownik może skonfigurować swoje środowisko. Pozwoli tobie zmienić wszystko od zachowania krawędzi okien po domyślną czcionkę.</para>
    </abstract>
    <title lang="en">MATE Control Center Manual</title>
    <authorgroup>
      <author><firstname>MATE Documentation Project</firstname> <surname/> <affiliation> <orgname>Pulpit MATE</orgname> </affiliation></author>
      <author><firstname>Kevin</firstname><surname>Breit</surname></author>
    </authorgroup>
    <copyright><year>2019</year> <holder>Projekt Dokumentacji MATE</holder></copyright>
    <copyright><year>2001, 2002</year> <holder>Ximian, Inc.</holder></copyright>

    <publisher role="maintainer">
      <publishername>Projekt dokumentacji MATE</publishername>
    </publisher>
    <publisher>
      <publishername>Projekt dokumentacji GNOME</publishername>
    </publisher>
    
    <revhistory>
      <revision><revnumber>2.15</revnumber> <date>Lipiec 2015</date> <firstname>MATE Documentation Project</firstname> <surname/></revision>
      <revision lang="en">
        <revnumber>2.14</revnumber> 
        <date>March 2006</date>
      </revision> 
    </revhistory>

     <legalnotice id="legalnotice">
	<para>Udziela się zgody na kopiowanie, dystrybucję i/lub modyfikację tego tekstu na warunkach licencji GNU Free Documentation License (GFDL) w wersji 1.1 lub nowszej, opublikowanej przez Free Software Foundation nie zawiera Sekcji Niezmiennych, bez Tekstu na Okładce i bez Tekstu na Tylnej Okładce. Kopia tekstu licencji GFDL umieszczona została  pod tym <ulink type="help" url="help:fdl">odnośnikiem</ulink> lub w pliku COPYING-DOCS rozpowszechnianym razem z tą instrukcją.</para>
         <para>Ten podręcznik jest częścią zestawu podręczników MATE rozpowszechnianych na licencji GFDL. Jeżeli chcesz rozpowszechnić tą instrukcję osobno od zestawu, możesz to zrobić dodając kopię licencji do podręcznika, jak opisano w dziale 6 tej licencji.</para>

	<para>Wiele nazw używanych przez firmy do rozróżnienia ich produktów i usług jest zgłoszonych jako znaki towarowe. W przypadku pojawienia się tych nazw w dowolnej dokumentacji MATE, a członkowie Projektu Dokumentacji MATE są świadomi tych znaków towarowych, wówczas nazwy są pisane wielkimi literami lub pierwszymi wielkimi literami.</para>

	<para lang="en">
	  DOCUMENT AND MODIFIED VERSIONS OF THE DOCUMENT ARE PROVIDED
	  UNDER  THE TERMS OF THE GNU FREE DOCUMENTATION LICENSE
	  WITH THE FURTHER UNDERSTANDING THAT:

	  <orderedlist>
		<listitem>
		  <para lang="en">DOCUMENT IS PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" BASIS,
                    WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR
                    IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, WARRANTIES
                    THAT THE DOCUMENT OR MODIFIED VERSION OF THE
                    DOCUMENT IS FREE OF DEFECTS MERCHANTABLE, FIT FOR
                    A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR NON-INFRINGING. THE ENTIRE
                    RISK AS TO THE QUALITY, ACCURACY, AND PERFORMANCE
                    OF THE DOCUMENT OR MODIFIED VERSION OF THE
                    DOCUMENT IS WITH YOU. SHOULD ANY DOCUMENT OR
                    MODIFIED VERSION PROVE DEFECTIVE IN ANY RESPECT,
                    YOU (NOT THE INITIAL WRITER, AUTHOR OR ANY
                    CONTRIBUTOR) ASSUME THE COST OF ANY NECESSARY
                    SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION. THIS DISCLAIMER
                    OF WARRANTY CONSTITUTES AN ESSENTIAL PART OF THIS
                    LICENSE. NO USE OF ANY DOCUMENT OR MODIFIED
                    VERSION OF THE DOCUMENT IS AUTHORIZED HEREUNDER
                    EXCEPT UNDER THIS DISCLAIMER; AND
		  </para>
		</listitem>
		<listitem>
		  <para lang="en">UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES AND UNDER NO LEGAL
                       THEORY, WHETHER IN TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE),
                       CONTRACT, OR OTHERWISE, SHALL THE AUTHOR,
                       INITIAL WRITER, ANY CONTRIBUTOR, OR ANY
                       DISTRIBUTOR OF THE DOCUMENT OR MODIFIED VERSION
                       OF THE DOCUMENT, OR ANY SUPPLIER OF ANY OF SUCH
                       PARTIES, BE LIABLE TO ANY PERSON FOR ANY
                       DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR
                       CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY CHARACTER
                       INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOSS
                       OF GOODWILL, WORK STOPPAGE, COMPUTER FAILURE OR
                       MALFUNCTION, OR ANY AND ALL OTHER DAMAGES OR
                       LOSSES ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO USE OF THE
                       DOCUMENT AND MODIFIED VERSIONS OF THE DOCUMENT,
                       EVEN IF SUCH PARTY SHALL HAVE BEEN INFORMED OF
                       THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
		  </para>
		</listitem>
	  </orderedlist>
	</para>
  </legalnotice>

 <!-- This file contains link to license for the
   documentation (GNU FDL), and other legal stuff such as "NO
   WARRANTY" statement. Please do not change any of this. -->

    <releaseinfo>Ta instrukcja opisuje wersję 1.10.0.1 Centrum Sterowania MATE.</releaseinfo>

    <legalnotice>
        <title>Opinia</title>
        <para>Aby zgłosić błąd lub sugestię odnośnie aplikacji <application>Centrum Sterowania MATE</application> lub tej instrukcji, podążaj za wskazówkami <ulink url="help:mate-user-guide/feedback" type="help">Informacji Zwrotnej MATE</ulink></para>
<!-- Translators may also add here feedback address for translations -->
    </legalnotice>
  </articleinfo>
  
  <sect1 id="intro">
    <title>Wprowadzenie</title>
    <para><application>Centrum Sterowania MATE</application> udostępnia jedno okno z którego uruchamia się wszystkie narzędzia preferencji. </para>
    <note><para>Aby uzyskać pomoc w użytkowaniu narzędzi preferencji, zajrzyj do <ulink type="help" url="help:mate-user-guide/prefs">Przewodnika Użytkownika</ulink>.</para></note>

<!-- ============= To Start Control Center  ============================ -->
    <sect2 id="mate-control-center-to-start">
      <title lang="en">To Start MATE Control Center</title>
      <para lang="en">You can start <application>MATE Control Center</application> in the following ways:</para>
      <variablelist>
        <varlistentry>
          <term lang="en"><guimenu>System</guimenu> menu</term>
          <listitem>
            <para lang="en">
              Choose <menuchoice><guimenu>Control Center</guimenu></menuchoice> menu item.
            </para>
          </listitem>
        </varlistentry>
        <varlistentry>
          <term>Wiersz poleceń</term>
          <listitem>
            <para lang="en">
              Execute the following command: <command>mate-control-center</command></para>
          </listitem>
        </varlistentry>
      </variablelist>
    </sect2>

  </sect1>
  
  <sect1 id="matecc-interface">
    <title>Użycie</title>
    <para lang="en">
      The <application>MATE Control Center</application> window lists all preference tools installed on your system in groups.
    </para>
    <tip><para lang="en">
      From the left pane, you can quickly access to a preference tool by selecting its group first, or type any keyword in the filter box. You can also access to common tasks, such as <guilabel>Change Theme</guilabel>, and <guilabel>Set Preferred Applications</guilabel>.
    </para></tip>
    <para lang="en">
      To open a preference tool, just click on it.
    </para>
    <tip><para lang="en">The preference tool description is shown on mouse hover.</para></tip>
  </sect1>
</article>
