<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE article PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DocBook XML V4.1.2//EN" "http://www.oasis-open.org/docbook/xml/4.1.2/docbookx.dtd" [
<!ENTITY VERSION "1.10.1">
<!ENTITY legal SYSTEM "legal.xml">
<!ENTITY app "<application>MATE Control Center</application>">
<!ENTITY appname "MATE Control Center">
<!-- Information about the entities
       The legal.xml file contains legal information, there is no need to edit the file.
       Use the appversion entity to specify the version of the application.
       Use the manrevision entity to specify the revision number of this manual.
       Use the date entity to specify the release date of this manual.
       Use the app entity to specify the name of the application. -->]>
<article id="index" lang="zh-CN">
  
  <articleinfo>
    <abstract role="description">
      <para>MATE 控制中心集成用于设置桌面体验的各项设置模块。在这里，您可以自定诸如窗口边框样式和默认字体等设置。</para>
    </abstract>
    <title lang="en">MATE Control Center Manual</title>
    <authorgroup>
      <author><firstname>MATE 文档项目</firstname> <surname/> <affiliation> <orgname>MATE 桌面</orgname> </affiliation></author>
      <author><firstname>Kevin</firstname><surname>Breit</surname></author>
    </authorgroup>
    <copyright lang="en">
      <year>2019</year>
      <holder>MATE Documentation Project</holder>
    </copyright>
    <copyright><year>2001, 2002</year> <holder>Ximian, Inc.</holder></copyright>

    <publisher role="maintainer">
      <publishername>MATE 文档项目</publishername>
    </publisher>
    <publisher>
      <publishername>GNOME 文档项目</publishername>
    </publisher>
    
    <revhistory>
      <revision><revnumber>2.15</revnumber> <date>July 2015</date> <firstname>MATE 文档项目</firstname> <surname/></revision>
      <revision lang="en">
        <revnumber>2.14</revnumber> 
        <date>March 2006</date>
      </revision> 
    </revhistory>

     <legalnotice id="legalnotice">
	<para>对于本文档的复制、分发和／或修改必须遵循自由软件基金会 (Free Software Foundation) 发布的 GNU 自由文档许可证 (GFDL) 版本 1.1 或更高版本，该许可证没有固定的部分、没有封面和背页文本。您可以在此<ulink type="help" url="help:fdl">链接</ulink>上或在随本手册一起分发的 COPYING-DOCS 文件中找到 GFDL 的副本。</para>
         <para>本手册是在 GFDL 许可之下分发的 MATE 手册集合的一部分。如果想要单独分发此手册，可以在手册中添加该许可证的一份副本然后分发，如该许可证的第 6 部分所述。</para>

	<para>各个公司使用的许多用于区别它们产品和服务的名称都声明为商标。在所有的 MATE 文档以及 MATE 文档项目的成员中，这些名称都是以全大写字母或首字母大写显示，从而表明它们是商标。</para>

	<para>本文档和文档是根据 GNU 免费文档许可协议的条款提供的，并且还有进一步的阐述: <orderedlist>
		<listitem>
		  <para>文档按“原样”提供，不提供任何明示或暗示的保证，包括但不限于：文档或文档的修改版本没有适销性方面的缺陷、适合特定目的的适用性，以及没有侵权行为。您将自行承担本文档以及文档修改版本的质量、准确性以及性能方面的风险。如果任何文档或文档修改版本存在缺陷，您(而不是最初的编写者、作者或撰写人)将承担所有必需的服务、维修或更正的费用。此免责声明是本许可证的重要组成部分。如果不接受此免责声明，那么您就没有权利使用任何文档或文档的修改版本；并且</para>
		</listitem>
		<listitem>
		  <para>无论在任何情况以及在任何法律理论下，本文档或文档修改版本的作者、最初的编写者、任何撰写人或任何分发者，或者任意这些方的任何提供者都不对任何人由于使用本文档或文档修改版本引起或带来的任何直接的、间接的、特殊的、偶然的或继发的损失承担任何民事(包括疏忽)、合同或其它方面的责任，这些损失包括但不限于信誉损失、工作停止、计算机失败或故障，或任何以及所有其它损失或由此引发的或与之相关的损失，即使这些方已被告知存在出现此类损失的可能性时也是如此。</para>
		</listitem>
	  </orderedlist></para>
  </legalnotice>

 <!-- This file contains link to license for the
   documentation (GNU FDL), and other legal stuff such as "NO
   WARRANTY" statement. Please do not change any of this. -->

    <releaseinfo>该手册针对描述 MATE 控制中心 1.10.1 版本。</releaseinfo>

    <legalnotice>
        <title>反馈</title>
        <para>要报告 <application>MATE 控制中心</application> 应用程序和用户手册中的问题或建议，请参阅 <ulink url="help:mate-user-guide/feedback" type="help">MATE 反馈页</ulink> 中的详细指引。</para>
<!-- Translators may also add here feedback address for translations -->
    </legalnotice>
  
    <othercredit class="translator">
      <personname>
        <firstname>Christopher Meng</firstname>
      </personname>
      <email>i@cicku.me</email>
    </othercredit>
    <copyright>
      
        <year>2012-2013</year>
      
      <holder>Christopher Meng</holder>
    </copyright>
  
    <othercredit class="translator">
      <personname>
        <firstname>ravix</firstname>
      </personname>
      <email>dr.neemous@gmail.com</email>
    </othercredit>
    <copyright>
      
        <year>2013</year>
      
      <holder>ravix</holder>
    </copyright>
  
    <othercredit class="translator">
      <personname>
        <firstname>Dianjin Wang</firstname>
      </personname>
      <email>1132321739qq@gmail.com</email>
    </othercredit>
    <copyright>
      
        <year>2012</year>
      
      <holder>Dianjin Wang</holder>
    </copyright>
  
    <othercredit class="translator">
      <personname>
        <firstname>Cravix</firstname>
      </personname>
      <email>dr.neemous@gmail.com</email>
    </othercredit>
    <copyright>
      
        <year>2013</year>
      
      <holder>Cravix</holder>
    </copyright>
  
    <othercredit class="translator">
      <personname>
        <firstname>nyanyh</firstname>
      </personname>
      <email>rebuilty@gmail.com</email>
    </othercredit>
    <copyright>
      
        <year>2013</year>
      
      <holder>nyanyh</holder>
    </copyright>
  
    <othercredit class="translator">
      <personname>
        <firstname>liulitchi</firstname>
      </personname>
      <email>xingzuo88@qq.com</email>
    </othercredit>
    <copyright>
      
        <year>2013</year>
      
      <holder>liulitchi</holder>
    </copyright>
  
    <othercredit class="translator">
      <personname>
        <firstname>玉堂白鹤</firstname>
      </personname>
      <email>yjwork@qq.com</email>
    </othercredit>
    <copyright>
      
        <year>2015</year>
      
      <holder>玉堂白鹤</holder>
    </copyright>
  
    <othercredit class="translator">
      <personname>
        <firstname>Mingye Wang</firstname>
      </personname>
      <email>arthur200126@gmail.com</email>
    </othercredit>
    <copyright>
      
        <year>2015-2016</year>
      
      <holder>Mingye Wang</holder>
    </copyright>
  
    <othercredit class="translator">
      <personname>
        <firstname>白铭骢</firstname>
      </personname>
      <email>jeffbai@aosc.xyz</email>
    </othercredit>
    <copyright>
      
        <year>2015-2016</year>
      
      <holder>白铭骢</holder>
    </copyright>
  
    <othercredit class="translator">
      <personname>
        <firstname>刘子兴</firstname>
      </personname>
      <email>liushuyu@aosc.xyz</email>
    </othercredit>
    <copyright>
      
        <year>2015-2016</year>
      
      <holder>刘子兴</holder>
    </copyright>
  </articleinfo>
  
  <sect1 id="intro">
    <title>介绍</title>
    <para><application>MATE 控制中心</application> 集各项设置为一体。</para>
    <note><para>要获取使用首选项工具的帮助，请参阅 <ulink type="help" url="help:mate-user-guide/prefs">用户指南</ulink>。</para></note>

<!-- ============= To Start Control Center  ============================ -->
    <sect2 id="mate-control-center-to-start">
      <title lang="en">To Start MATE Control Center</title>
      <para lang="en">You can start <application>MATE Control Center</application> in the following ways:</para>
      <variablelist>
        <varlistentry>
          <term lang="en"><guimenu>System</guimenu> menu</term>
          <listitem>
            <para lang="en">
              Choose <menuchoice><guimenu>Control Center</guimenu></menuchoice> menu item.
            </para>
          </listitem>
        </varlistentry>
        <varlistentry>
          <term>命令行</term>
          <listitem>
            <para lang="en">
              Execute the following command: <command>mate-control-center</command></para>
          </listitem>
        </varlistentry>
      </variablelist>
    </sect2>

  </sect1>
  
  <sect1 id="matecc-interface">
    <title>用法</title>
    <para lang="en">
      The <application>MATE Control Center</application> window lists all preference tools installed on your system in groups.
    </para>
    <tip><para lang="en">
      From the left pane, you can quickly access to a preference tool by selecting its group first, or type any keyword in the filter box. You can also access to common tasks, such as <guilabel>Change Theme</guilabel>, and <guilabel>Set Preferred Applications</guilabel>.
    </para></tip>
    <para lang="en">
      To open a preference tool, just click on it.
    </para>
    <tip><para lang="en">The preference tool description is shown on mouse hover.</para></tip>
  </sect1>
</article>
